# oaktree

READ THE UPDATES in parenthesis...
#a collection of apps for Acorn
#I am the sole Engineer at Acorn Manufacturing. In addition to doing mechanical engineering, SolidWorks design and chief repair man I have recently been learning Python and Appsheet with the intent of creating Mobile apps for QC, Production Organization, Production Recipes, Dynamic Statistics pertaining to production, Labor Tracking, Request for Repair, etc. (I was ignorant, I've now been learning C++ and more recently C# which has proven to be VERY beneficial for the types of projects I'm doing. Appsheet is great, for some projects, but I'm moving into Embedded Systems programming and C++ and more recently C# are just wowing me!)  I also intend to design some production robotics, hopefully using single board computers using Python or if needed Ladder Logic. (Nope again, C++ and C# have been my go to languages now, for new product development, with C# GUI's and Win10 OS, REALLY enjoying what I accomplish with this) I have much to learn but have been slugging through Python. (Python is great, no doubt, but for what I'm working with most, C# has been a real eye opener. So thankful for getting steered in this direction by a programmer friend. I know you can do a lot with Python and for some database interfacing I will liekly still use this language, but C# is really impressing me.) I hope to find some contacts here that can help me take what I learn and convert it for use in Android applications (XAML??). I am also hoping to link to our SQL servers with C# after finishing my 2021 inventions.
